[15.0][IMP] website_crm_privacy_policy: Mark it as deprecated (#964)
OCA/website: website_crm_privacy_policy/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

policy validation

Privacy policy is provided by Website legal page addon (website_legal_page)

> This module is deprecated use website_form_require_legal instead.

Reviewer: Put this at the beginning, and do it a bit more understandable:

```suggestion
This module is deprecated, as you can get the same effect using `website_form_require_legal`, which allows to insert the explicit consent to any form, including the contact us one.
```
